Update docs on the output of `resolve qlpacks` (#7571)
github/codeql: docs/codeql/codeql-cli/getting-started-with-the-codeql-cli.rst

- Run ``codeql resolve languages`` to show which languages are
  available for database creation. This will list the languages supported by
  default in your CodeQL CLI package.
- Run ``codeql resolve qlpacks`` to show which QL packs the CLI can find. This
  will display the names of all the QL packs directly available to the CodeQL CLI.
  This should include:

>   - Query packs for each supported language, e.g., ``codeql/{language}-queries``.
>     These packs contain the standard queries that will be run for each analysis.
>   - Library packs for each supported language, e.g.,  ``codeql/{language}-all``. These
>     packs contain query libraries, such as control flow and data flow libraries, that
>     may be useful to other query authors.
>   - Example packs for each supported language, e.g., ``codeql/{language}-examples``.
>     These packs contain useful snippets of CodeQL that query auhtors may want To use.
>   - Legacy packs that ensure custom queries and libraries created using older products are
>     compatible with your version of CodeQL.

Reviewer: Some minor editorial fixes:

```suggestion
  - Query packs for each supported language, for example, ``codeql/{language}-queries``.
    These packs contain the standard queries that will be run for each analysis.
  - Library packs for each supported language, for example,  ``codeql/{language}-all``. These
    packs contain query libraries, such as control flow and data flow libraries, that
    may be useful to query writers.
  - Example packs for each supported language, for example, ``codeql/{language}-examples``.
    These packs contain useful snippets of CodeQL that query writers may find useful.
  - Legacy packs that ensure custom queries and libraries created using older products are
    compatible with your version of CodeQL.
```
